Toyota has a car with the verso
brought the market in this country
already many friends find that can
also on the body are indeed
not so touristy is styled though
nevertheless a modern impression
gives 446 lenght and 1 liter 79
not only do not offer wide
capacity of liszt so 1696 liters
but also a completely flat
Loading floor very comfortable and
the long-distance suitable give the
sit with a good page stop
come up
further pierce the almost center
placed round instruments in the eye man
gets used to it very quickly as well
they are easy to read
lothar apparently remembers old ones
Virtues if the operation of the Japanese
is easy and uncomplicated
Folding tables on the back of the building
The seats are optional but practical
an easy to use audio system
surprised with clear sound and owns
on the center console a usb connection
that this world is a comfortable cruiser
but we already knew that again
visibly extreme, we found that
in gc fan security center
marchtrenker out at the slalom
very neutral nothing could rest
bring in while dodging one
obstacle bb thanks to numerous
electronic voting aids always
manageable despite a height of
one meter 62, the body comes in
fast driven curves hardly the
second the landing gear filter
ground bumps largely gone and
a spontaneous responsive steering suits
here also good in the picture
an active driving safety in style
from toyota that underlines one
optional rear view camera the
Parking maneuver facilitates the verso
Diesel engine with 1.6 liter displacement and
112 ps comes from the Austrian gm
plant in Steyr
he is a highlight not only in the
consume about 45 liters of diesel
a few kilometers relatives but also
restlessness and judiciary, staring
Engine noise it
four-cylinder turbodiesel with inter cola
counts only in the highest speed range
audible in normal operation remains the
Toyota as quiet as a modern in
siena diverse is a pleasant one
automobiler the fourth thrifty
Consumption and very comfortable with those
internal capacity
just right for one
Familienvan